Baby shark
Amani Malti

After reading the article “Something is wrong with the internet” by James Bridle, I was inspired to make a game in which kids these days are addicted to. The first thing that came up to my mind was my little niece that is constantly talking and singing about baby shark. For my project 2, I decided to make a shocking game for children between age 1 to 4 years old. I was inspired by the song baby shark by the YouTube channel PINKFONG. It is a popular song for kids this year. A lot of parents play this song for their kids to distract them.  I was very intrigued by the passage in the article that says “I see kids engrossed in screens all the time, in pushchairs and in restaurants, and there’s always a bit of a Luddite twinge there, but I am not a parent, and I’m not making parental judgments for or on anyone else. I’ve seen family members and friend’s children plugged into Peppa Pig and nursery rhyme videos, and it makes them happy and gives everyone a break, so OK.” (Bridle). It explains that parents are constantly plugging screens into their children’s eyes to get some peaceful time. Those videos are very addictive for kids and it is not good for their development, but the parents do not care. We have come to a time where technology is being poisoning to our life’s because it is everywhere.
For my game, I imaging to take the words of “Baby” and “Shark” and making something traumatising for kids. In the song context, the shark is playing nice but, in the game, I want the shark to turn out as the bad and scary. The function of my game is by a voice command. The command is to shout “STOP” to save the baby from being eaten by the shark. Also, I added a start game button and replay to make it seem more to have a gaming aesthetic experience.
To create the game, I started to create my own sharks’ images by drawing vectors on illustrator. I have made 3 png images which are: the shark with the smiling face, the shark with the open mouth, and the shark with the tongue out and with a baby on it. I then declared my id’s, classes and linked my images in the HTML page. To change their style, I added the classed in the CSS and linked the file in the HTML as well. I then added JavaScript, jQuery and the annyang libraries to link in the HTML. With the CSS, I was able to control my images in jQuery. It was fun to experience the animate in jQuery while using the CSS to control my sharks and the baby. I used the voice command “annyang” to make the game work
Finally, I kept the game very simple and colorful to attract children’s more. I unfortunately had problems with my sounding but at least my game works.
