For my first project I had to get inspired by the metaphor of The Myth of Sisyphus. The metaphor of Sisyphus is working hard repetitively without reaching your goal and it is about frustration and futile labor. The story is about Sisyphus who is being punished by Zeus (the ancient Greek God). He is constantly pushing a rock up a hill and it always roll back down. It is an eternal waste of time and energy for Sisyphus.

The idea behind my project is to play the game and never winning because the game never ends! The purpose of the game is to place the leaves randomly on the tree branch and the wind would take them back to their original placement. The wind blows randomly too, and you never know when the leaves are going to move from the branches. It is constant work and waste of time which is very frustrating. 

To create the game, I used HTML, CSS and jQuery UI. I first started by adding the jQuery UI library in the HTML. Then I placed the background image (tree branches) in the CSS and gave it an absolute position with a width and height of a 100% to cover the whole page. In the HTML page, I added divs in the body and gave each of them an id. I linked an image of a leaf in each div with the id of leaf (from 0 to 9). In the SCRIPT page, I added variables of the leaf and the tree. I set up the leaves from 0 to 9 into objects made them draggable. I gave the leaf their initial position. To play the game, the leaves have to be draggable to be positioned on the tree branches. I set up a reset into a random time set so that the leaves would go back to their initial position without knowing when they would go back. I made it into a function to make the game work. I also added a sound of a wind to make the illusion of the leaves flying away when the reset is happening.

To conclude, the game is working quite well, and it follows the metaphor of Sisyphus. The game never ends, and the player would constantly play without winning. With the random time set to reset the leaves it gets very frustrating because it gives the illusion of constant and endless work which is the point of the game. I also enjoyed working with jQuery UI because I used HTML, CSS and SCRIPT to create this project and it makes it more organised and less confusing.
