My final project is about a 3D game. The game purpose is to play with the baby by dragging the 3D-shapes towards the baby model. The player has the role of a babysitter and his objective is to give the sphere to the baby to play with. The logic behind the rounded 3D shapes and the cubic shapes are different. Since the sphere is shaped rounder, it is safer to play with. However, the cubes are pointier and are not baby proof because they can hurt the baby. The game is challenging because it is 3-dimensional. The player needs to see all the 3D perspective to achieve his goal, and the player needs to go around the baby to make sure the 3D shapes overlap onto the baby. The objective is to give all the spheres to the baby to make him happy. If the player gives the cubic shape 3 times to the baby, he will not be happy, and the game will be over.
This project was made with 3 libraries such as Three.js, jQuery and ResponsiveVoice. The game functions with the library three.js, the instructions are made with the ResponsiveVoice, the start game on click, the game over and the win functions are made with jQuery. 
I started by getting a free baby model on the website sketchfab. I then build the scene with 6 images to make the background. I sketched the spheres and the cubes in 3D using three.js and added a draggable function for the shapes to overlap onto the baby. I added the voices to tell the instructions. Also, I added some voices from the baby to play such as the crying when the cube hits the baby and the laugh when the sphere goes to the baby. When the baby play with the balls, they disappear until they are all gone. The cubes will be the only shape that needs to be left untouched or dragged onto the baby.
To start the game, the player needs to click on the game. After, a female voice will start telling the instructions, the player needs to start and play with the baby and give him all the sphere-shaped toys. The player must avoid giving the cubes because the baby will get angry. The instruction will keep on throughout the game to give instruction about if the shapes are placed correctly. When the game is finished the instructor voice will let the player know if he did a great job or not.

Baby model reference:
https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/whole-baby-70d8136f9db54954bcc1bb093ea89b96


